change(pr): Add an author checklist to the PR template (#7832)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Motivation
<!--

> Thank you for your Pull Request.

Author: ```suggestion
Thank you for your Pull Request.
Does it close any issues?
```

Thank you for your Pull Request.
How does this change improve Zebra?
-->
_What are the most important goals of the ticket or PR?_

### PR Author Checklist

Check before marking the PR as ready for review:
  - [ ] Will the PR name make sense to users?
    - [ ] Does it need extra CHANGELOG info?
    - [ ] Does the PR have a priority label?
  - [ ] Have you added or updated tests?
  - [ ] Is the documentation up to date?

### Specifications

<!--
If this PR changes consensus rules, quote them, and link to the Zcash spec or ZIP:
https://zips.z.cash/#nu5-zips
If this PR changes network behaviour, quote and link to the Bitcoin network reference:

> https://developer.bitcoin.org/reference/p2p_networking.html

Author: We don't really do this any more, and we aren't making network protocol changes regularly. If we do, we can make a network ticket template.

## Motivation
<!--
Thank you for your Pull Request.
Does it close any issues?
-->
_What are the most important goals of the ticket or PR?_

### PR Author Checklist

Check before marking the PR as ready for review:
  - [ ] Will the PR name make sense to users?

>     - [ ] Does it need extra CHANGELOG info?

Author: ```suggestion
    - [ ] For significant changes: Is there a summary in the CHANGELOG?
```

    - [ ] Does the PR have a priority label?
  - [ ] Have you added or updated tests?

>   - [ ] Is the documentation up to date?

Author: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Is the documentation up to date?

_If a checkbox isn't relevant to the PR, mark it as done._
```

### Specifications

<!--
If this PR changes consensus rules, quote them, and link to the Zcash spec or ZIP:
https://zips.z.cash/#nu5-zips
-->

### Complex Code or Requirements

<!--
Does this PR change concurrency, unsafe code, or complex consensus rules?
If it does, label this PR with `extra-reviews`.
-->

## Solution

<!--
Summarize the changes in this PR.
-->

### Testing

<!--
Which tests were changed or added in this PR? Were there manual tests?
-->

## Review

<!--
Is this PR blocking any other work?
If you want specific reviewers for this PR, tag them here.
-->

### Reviewer Checklist

Check before approving the PR:
  - [ ] Does the PR scope match the ticket?
  - [ ] How do you know it works? Do the tests cover the PR motivation?

>   - [ ] Are there any blockers to merging this PR?

Author: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Are all the PR blockers dealt with?
```

>     - [ ] Can some changes go in new tickets or PRs?

Author: ```suggestion
  PR blockers can be dealt with in new tickets or PRs.
```

## Motivation
<!--
Thank you for your Pull Request.

> Does it close any issues?

Reviewer: 🎉

-->
_What are the most important goals of the ticket or PR?_

### PR Author Checklist

> Check before marking the PR as ready for review:
>   - [ ] Will the PR name make sense to users?
>     - [ ] For significant changes: Is there a summary in the CHANGELOG?
>     - [ ] Does the PR have a priority label?
>   - [ ] Have you added or updated tests?
>   - [ ] Is the documentation up to date?

Reviewer: Optional: Could we include a reminder to try and split apart large PRs?

```suggestion
#### Check before marking the PR as ready for review:
  - [ ] Will the PR name make sense to users?
  - [ ] Does the PR have a priority label?
  - [ ] Have you added or updated tests?
  - [ ] Is the documentation up to date?

##### For significant changes:
  - [ ] Is there a summary in the CHANGELOG?
  - [ ] Do all of the changes in this PR need to be merged in together?
        (Are there no change that should be split out into a separate PR?)
```

Author: Sure, let's ask the question directly?

```suggestion
#### Check before marking the PR as ready for review:
  - [ ] Will the PR name make sense to users?
  - [ ] Does the PR have a priority label?
  - [ ] Have you added or updated tests?
  - [ ] Is the documentation up to date?

##### For significant changes:
  - [ ] Is there a summary in the CHANGELOG?
  - [ ] Can these changes be split into multiple PRs?
```

_If a checkbox isn't relevant to the PR, mark it as done._

### Specifications

<!--
If this PR changes consensus rules, quote them, and link to the Zcash spec or ZIP:
https://zips.z.cash/#nu5-zips
-->

### Complex Code or Requirements

<!--
Does this PR change concurrency, unsafe code, or complex consensus rules?
If it does, label this PR with `extra-reviews`.
-->

## Solution

<!--
Summarize the changes in this PR.
-->

### Testing

<!--
Which tests were changed or added in this PR? Were there manual tests?
-->

## Review

<!--
Is this PR blocking any other work?
If you want specific reviewers for this PR, tag them here.
-->

### Reviewer Checklist

Check before approving the PR:
  - [ ] Does the PR scope match the ticket?

>   - [ ] How do you know it works? Do the tests cover the PR motivation?

Author: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Are there enough tests to make sure it works? Do the tests cover the PR motivation?
```

  - [ ] Are all the PR blockers dealt with?

>   PR blockers can be dealt with in new tickets or PRs.

Author: ```suggestion
        PR blockers can be dealt with in new tickets or PRs.
```
